   A superdeformed band search routine for cubes has been added to levit8r_gls
and xmlev. It is invoked from the xmlev menu or by the command SB (Search for
Band).

   The idea behind it is that you create a list of about 10 - 12 gammas that 
have about the right spacing for the band you want to search for, and roughly 
(within 100 keV or so) the right region for the energy of the lowest gamma. You 
can do this either by using a known band as a template or by writing a little 
program to create a .lis file of the standard levit8r/escl8r type. If you do 
this you can create a file with 52 lists, each with a different energy spacing 
set, which can then be read by the new levit8r.

   In the new levit8r, then, you just say "SB a" to test for a band with the 
spacing of list a, for example. It goes and looks in the cube at all triple 
coincidences expected from list a, subtracting the calculated background and 
coincidences from the known scheme, and it tells you what the average remaining 
counts are, and the standard deviation of the set of remaining counts. From 
these it works out a rough figure of merit.

   You then are given the option of stepping up or down in energy with a loop. 
That is, the energies in the list can all be incremented by say 2 kev, and the 
new list tested, incremented again, etc, say 25 times to test the full range of 
energies for the band. The results are written to the screen, but also saved in 
the print file, so you can set this up in a command file and leave it running 
overnight.

   Once you have found a candidate band, you can get out of the SB routine and 
type T a/a to see the sum-of-double-gates spectrum for the new list a (which 
is modified by the stepping internally to levit8r). You can then fine-tune the 
gates using the L(ist) command and the cursor on the sum-of gates spectrum.

   Clear as mud, huh? I think all this should be clear once you try it. 
Remember that it won't find SDB's that are in your .gls level scheme, since the 
calculated coincidences are removed from the net counts. And remember that you
can set up gate-list files and command files to leave a search running
overnight, for example, to test many possible band spacings.
